hi everyone I'm today I'm going to be
showing you how to make the perfect cup
of tea
Kato potato style so let's get started
first of all you need a kettle you can
get Kittles
any kind of place pack from 200 shops
and petrol stations
well the casuals boiling we need to find
a cup of course there's no cups in this
kitchen I actually found a tea cup let's
come up the saucer so we'll sort of make
and now we look for tea bags because the
number one thing we need forte is a tea
bag see the resemblance
oh I've just ran this is what a tea bag
looks like so what you do is from great
height hone it your aim and then just
drop it perfect you are a couple of
steps away from making the perfect
perfect cup of tea I'm gonna be using
milk you can get milk from best cleaner
where Pat from $2 shops
would you just hear it just say a bit of
a cloudy stuff that is called steam
coming out of here because it's one of
those key tools that let you know that
when it's really at whistles at you
it's very magic important in your take
now and I have got nice phones there all
of them - for sure so I'm just gonna use
this so you're just aa just mush it up
like that guys drop it out like this
that's right put the white stuffing just
only a little bit that's far too much
think I've ruined it oh now as you can
see it looks like I am a nice flat white
cappuccino looking really good
mmm delicious
goodness
it's like a little soup